House 1
    Idea: Easy tutorial house to teach player mechanics(what are the mechanics?)
    Theme: Not so spooky halloween things such as
        pumpkins
        not spooky ghosts
        bats
    Design:
        This one will not be haunted, some rich person's house that created a spooky house with electronic halloween stuff
        Pushing hidden button to open a door or something

House 2:
    Idea: Now that theyre familiar, test their skills with mid puzzles and gameplay
    Theme: 
        Another not hanted house, this timie with a goofy witch animatronic 
    Design:
        Getting 3 potions for the witch that wil let you get past the main door
        Player will probably find each potion in rooms with spooky stuff in them

House 3:
    Idea: The kids now want a real challenge and dare the main character to go to an abandoned house that rumors say is haunted
    Theme:
        First abandoned house where spooky stuff will happen, this one's theme are Ghosts
    Design:
        Small-ish house with an overgrown frontyard
        Characted will need to enter from backyard where they will need to find a way inside the house
        Once inside they will begin to notice paranormal stuff

House 4:
    Idea: Stuff is going to start getting dangerous, first house where kids will run to mother if they get too spooked 
    Theme:
        A graveyard, skeletons, zombies
    Design:
        The gate where the main character entered will suspiciously close, now he will need to find the key by checking out different places in the graveyard

House 5(Last house?):
    Idea: Final house will be a mansion with all sorts of halloween stuff happening in there, mansion is 'inspired' by the iSpy book
    Theme:
        Everything halloween
    Design:
        Mansion will have
            front area with giant fountain 
            back area with a maze thingy

----

Trick or Treat: A Halloween Adventure

You are a kid who loves Halloween and wants to have the best night ever with your friends. You decide to go trick or treating in your neighborhood, but soon you realize that some of the houses are not as friendly as they seem. Your friends dare you to knock on the doors of the scariest houses, and you have to face the consequences of your actions. Will you find candy or horror behind each door? Will you survive the night or become a victim of the dark forces that lurk in the shadows? Find out in this thrilling and spooky video game that will test your courage and skills.

Some of the features of this game are:

A branching storyline with multiple endings depending on your choices and actions.
A variety of scary and funny characters to interact with, such as witches, zombies, vampires, clowns, and more.
A dynamic and immersive environment that changes according to the time of night and the weather.
A Halloween-themed soundtrack and sound effects that create a creepy atmosphere.
A simple and intuitive gameplay that is suitable for all ages and skill levels.
I hope you like this synopsis. Happy Halloween! ??

-------
How are we gonna create these animatronic 3d models?
--------
You get ready in your house
Will meet up with your friends at the park
In first house the person will tell you if you want to try their haunted house challenge, the squad will dare you to
    door will lock and you will have to try to escape
    puzzles
        blow both candles out to summon the hand, have to give him a lolipop during end for yellow key
        give bird treat to wake up monster in room, makes noise first, unlocks door, goes back to sleep after waking him up and going into his room, has lolipop for hand
        you can knock on the first floor door, bird will tell you he's asleep or something
        NEED SIMPLE INVENTORY SYSTEM ON TOP LEFT OR SOMETHING, spinning 3d obj files
        parrot snack will probably be upstairs
        upstairs some decoration popping in out of stairs
            knock at the door, hear noises, looks at window and theres candy with something's head popping out of the side

TODO: fix stairs

-----------
cricket sound effects
